hi how are you I hope you are
quite pretty good this time
we are in a new video and the
today I bring you an excellent game
quite entertaining very very good
called angry birds and fight and well this
game I found it in apt and that therefore
at the moment in the google play and here in
the city of mexico is not found
available and then I always like
description of the video are going to be
finding the links or rather I'm going to
to be leaving there are some links
download as always alternative is the
blog so that you can only
download and install on your devices
Android the version of hunger that
requires I'm not very sure since then
always then of the compatibilities in
google play but as of now I do not know
found in my country I can not see if
is compatible or not with some
devices so it will depend later
when the device with which it counts
so then let's continue with this
video and then let's open what is the
game first I'm going to say that my
device and we're going to open the game that
I have already installed the game
it's the style because candy cross more or less
for the fact it's pretty enough
entertaining this game seems to me after
outside it premiered I do not know when it opens
but it seems to me that I hardly premiere
since I had never seen this
game so we're going to wait
what to touch
and everything by means we have him and then
first living room
and here I was playing for a moment
for a while then here we will be where I
I stayed
and I'm going to give you here in ok
ok the theme of this game is the same
what candy club we have to count the
but in this case instead of that
diamonds are chickens we have to
import it to booths and wrongs
with the same as candy cross
obviously
ok let's counted in this
according to the truth this game is
quite quite extended
ok understand that we have already passed
let's go back to play a little
moment so they can see how it
play the wta I liked quite a lot
as the game since then while I was
quite
and we will continue less in another
small gameplay
I repeat it again those who
want to download will be enough with the
video description the links are
download to the blog this can be
to download
because here we are going to start
as for me because it 's the same theme
that candy cross but only here with
the candidates
because here they are fighting
ok I just won and well this has been
everything but I hope you liked it
this video do not know that if you liked it
less possess cartouche your like to support
my effort is still bad social actions
of facebook and twitter here below as
they will always be in the description
so they can follow me as well
that you can ask me the questions for the
special from our writers that a
I thank you again and again
if not what decisions with the following
video until the next date